hello everyone
so I'm now home in my family home I've
pulled myself together a bit since
moving out of Cambridge I was obviously
very upset at the thought of leaving
University and I have received
confirmation now that I won't be going
back to Cambridge for next term and all
my exams and teaching next term will be
done remotely I'm done in Cambridge this
is my final year so that's it for me in
terms of exams I have no idea what's
happening with mine at the moment all
those sad is they're going to be done
remotely and they're trying to finalize
plans for them and they're going to let
us know in the next week or so I'm
determined to work hard for the next few
months look down Shore is a great way to
get yourself studying and I guess I just
want to know my course content inside
out so whatever sort of assessment they
hit me with I can perform well in so
this is my study space tada
it's not bad you know I know a lot of
people have a lot worse and I should
feel lucky to have my own room my own
desk and a computer hopefully the
internet is going to work okay over the
next months or so because the internet
connection in this house has definitely
been daughte you before my sister is
also home from uni but I'm not sure
what's going to be happening with her
exams my mum's working from home my dad
is going to be working from home soon I
think to be honest I don't feel like
working right now I really don't feel
like studying right now but I'm going to
and I think once I get started I'll get
into the flow there if anyone else
watching has to study then I'm going to
be filming myself studying over the next
few weeks the Cambridge vlogs might have
ended but the study vlogs will not end
because boy have I got a lot of studying
to do there's so many things that need
sorting in this room to start as my desk
chair is the most simply keep digging
can you hear that it is so squeaky so
I've messaged my dad like please bring
some oil home you have to oil my desk
shell I can't work like this the next
few months as a printer in my room on my
desk which is fine but I don't mind the
family printer being in
but also I could do with that workspace
I'm so gutted I'm not going to be able
to use the libraries at university to
work and revise in because I went there
a lot just to keep myself focused and to
have that space to spread all my work
out I think the most important thing for
me is going to be working away from my
bed and keeping like this half of the
room as a focus study space and this
half of the room as a more relaxation
space as I would always say in any
ordinary study period breaks are
important too so I'm going to make sure
I take a healthy amount of breaks I keep
in contact with my friends via Skype
calls via messaging so yeah I'm just
grateful to be at home with my family I
know not everyone has that I hope
everyone watching is safe I wish your
family as well and yeah let's get going
with a study video
[Music]
so it's the evening and I've managed to
get some work done today which is
progress because in the days before this
hadn't got any work done and do you know
what I feel better about myself you know
I'm pleased with myself I've just been
finishing my computing projects which
yes I know I've said loads of times
whilst in Cambridge so I was gonna get
finished I didn't manage to get them
finished at the end of term I think it's
understandable a pandemic hit you know I
was going to be separated from all my
friends for ages so I wanted to spend
all my time with them and not much time
working so yeah no I'm getting it done
now I'm at home I actually sat down and
I was just like Paige you're not going
on your phone you're not getting
distracted we have to do two projects
and I'm just doing the bright ups now
the code for them both is actually all
written so I've just got to paste all my
programs into an appendix at the end of
my write-ups and also get all my
equations done nicely and my write-ups
make sure it's all grammatically cracked
and to make sure I'm drawing the right
interpretations from my results I'm
using latex because it's quite good when
I've got to put loads of equations into
one document but I'm hoping to play some
games with my friends from uni this
evening yes they're not here and we
might be separated by a big distance
that's the power of the internet is that
we can connect up and play like board
games and stuff on this tabletop
simulator thing we will bought on our
computers hopefully I'm gonna do some
card games or board games with them this
evening making the best of things it'll
be fun I miss them a lot already and
there's only been a few days now that is
very rude so we've got this tabletop
simulator thing going so it's kind of
like correct uni and I've also been
talking to my friends on the phone but
I've also filming on my phone talking to
you guys so you can't hear them on the
phone but I are about to go back into
the court with them so it's you good
morning vlog it is a new day I am
starting off the day with a face mask or
I mean I've been off at often having
breakfast and I've just been wasting a
bit of time this morning but I'm about
to get going with work again I've
realized I'm quite good at waking up and
having what I call a morning mope where
I just feel sad about the situation but
then I pull myself together and it's
fine and I'm ready to get going right
let's get these projects or it I just
want to get this stuff done I need to
get revising
[Music]
everyone so I may have got distracted
and didn't start working and instead
ordered a Nintendo switch console oh I
just thought we're gonna be at home for
quite a few months Boris was making an
announcement on the news yesterday like
it's gonna be three months and that if
we all stick to the social distancing
guidelines and I'm telling you there's
so many people not sticking to social
distancing so it's got to be at least
three months I'm not feeling very
optimistic right now I think a game
console will be good fun and will get
good use out of it so I've ordered a
Nintendo switch yay hello everyone it's
a Saturday and I need to get some work
done today yesterday's work did not go
quite as planned the Nintendo switch
arrived yesterday evening so I ended up
playing Animal Crossing I suppose I did
get a bit of work done yesterday evening
I kind of stressed out and was like
right I need to do work because I
literally want to get the growth I want
this year
[Music]
your wine sir I've dumped some quite
good work today I'm in a good mood
basically I just want my computing
projects done I'm so done with them one
of them is basically company second one
I'm just looking at now and going
through it and just tying up all the
loose ends I'm also gonna go for a walk
this evening because I haven't really
left the house that much this week I've
been home almost a week now time has
flown by actually it's gone really fast
I've just watched the Prime Minister's
board cast for the day and he was
talking about having to bring in
stricter measures if people continue not
to stick to the social distancing
guidelines
I reckon within the next week we're
going to leave her on lockdown and won't
be able to leave our houses hello I've
come out for a walk and with my dad I'm
a sister they live with me so if one of
us gets these coronavirus that we're all
going down but we are practicing social
distancing not really anyone else had
the house good time to come out for a
walk bit of pressure is quite good
actually yeah I've put you out a few the
constellations in the sky with my
astronomy no words
I'm actually so proud that I've learnt
some constellations anyway that's it for
this video please give the video a like
if you enjoyed it subscribe hit the
notification bell follow me on my
Instagram I hope you're all staying safe
and I'll see you guys soon with another
video bye